docs: explain pre and post persist registration webhook (#1142)
ory/docs: docs/kratos/hooks/01_configure-hooks.mdx

}
```

> For the `after` registration hook, `can_interrupt` also defines the specific point in the flow where this webhook is called. If
> the webhook can interrupt the flow, it is called before the new identity is created. If the webhook cannot interrupt the flow it
> is called after the creation of the new identity. It is possible to call a webhook before and after creation of the identity by
> defining two webhooks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using an `after` registration hook, you can define the specific point in the flow where this webhook is called:

- When the webhook can interrupt the flow (`can_interrupt: true`), the logic is called before the system creates a new identity. 
- When the webhook can't interrupt the flow (`can_interrupt: false`), the logic is called after the system creates a new identity. 

You can call a webhook before and after the system creates an identity. To do that, define two webhooks with different `can_interrupt` values:
```

> For the `after` registration hook, `can_interrupt` also defines the specific point in the flow where this webhook is called. If
> the webhook can interrupt the flow, it is called before the new identity is created. If the webhook cannot interrupt the flow it
> is called after the creation of the new identity. It is possible to call a webhook before and after creation of the identity by
> defining two webhooks:
> 
> ```yaml
> flows:
>   registration:
>     after:
>       password:
>         hooks:
>           - hook: web_hook
>             config:
>               can_interrupt: true
>           - hook: web_hook
>             config:
>               can_interrupt: false
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using an `after` registration hook, you can define the specific point in the flow where this webhook is called:

- When the webhook can interrupt the flow (`can_interrupt: true`), the logic is called before the system creates a new identity. 
- When the webhook can't interrupt the flow (`can_interrupt: false`), the logic is called after the system creates a new identity. 

You can call a webhook before and after the system creates an identity. To do that, define two webhooks with different `can_interrupt` values:

```yaml
flows:
  registration:
    after:
      password:
        hooks:
          - hook: web_hook
            config:
              can_interrupt: true
          - hook: web_hook
            config:
              can_interrupt: false
```
```
